>>New documentary.
>> When people hear that I free
dive into ice cold water without
a wetsuit, the first question
that comes up is always, why?
>> This week on Gaia.
On "Journeys Into the Soul."
>> Really, I'm just staying open
to whatever spirit knows I need
to receive that might be
beyond my understanding.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightning Talks."
>> Yes, our body
does keep score,
and it does so via
the fascial tissue.
>> On "Stairway To The Stars."
>> The ancient Egyptians
believed our whole life was
about our transfiguration into
star beings so that then we can
travel the waterways
of the Milky Way.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> There's no ground in
to where you fall down to.
It's just you're floating
in creativity forever.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> We have a responsibility
here in the way that we show up
in this world.
And the way that we show up in
this world has consequences.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> How can I become
what I already am?
I'm already a being
of light and love.
We all are.
>> Only on Gaia.